README.md, before:

# SPDX BLASTER!

🚧 This project is under construction! 🚧 

Write [SPDX license IDs](https://spdx.dev/ids/) into your source files. 

## Installation

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Terkwood/spdx-blaster
cd spdx-blaster
cargo install --path .
```

## Usage

For now, the tool can only deal with individual files, although it knows about several different programming languages.

```sh
# an example rust file
spdx-blaster qux.rs
```

Having run the utility, you'll see a comment prepended at the top of the file:

```text
$ cat qux.rs

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
extern crate clap;
extern crate env_logger;
extern crate log;
extern crate memmap;
```

## ⚠️ Warning!

We can't guarantee a crash-free experience in the case where another process is editing your source code at the same time as `spdx-blaster`. 

This is due to the use of `unsafe` memory-mapped files.

We plan to look into this further at some point in the future, and welcome suggestions for how we can make this utility both performant and safe.

Commit message:

Add some basic licenses (#12)
* Update licenses

* Add doc string

* Add from

* Flexibly compare ID

README.md, after:

# SPDX BLASTER!

🚧 This project is under construction! 🚧 

Write [SPDX license IDs](https://spdx.dev/ids/) into your source files. 

## Installation

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Terkwood/spdx-blaster
cd spdx-blaster
cargo install --path .
```

## Usage

For now, the tool can only deal with individual files, although it knows about several different programming languages.

```sh
# an example rust file
spdx-blaster qux.rs
```

Having run the utility, you'll see a comment prepended at the top of the file:

```text
$ cat qux.rs

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
extern crate clap;
extern crate env_logger;
extern crate log;
extern crate memmap;
```

### Specify a License

`spdx-blaster` doesn't know about very many licenses yet, but it
can handle some of the most popular ones.  Use the `--license` argument (or `-l`) to specify which license you want to use.

```sh
spdx-blaster -l gpl-3.0-or-later test.kt
spdx-blaster --license gpl-2.0-only test.java
```

You may omit several types of punctuation from the
license ID specification, but you must include
all the alphanumeric characters used in the license ID.

```sh
spdx-blaster -l apache20 test.cs
```

## ⚠️ Warning!

We can't guarantee a crash-free experience in the case where another process is editing your source code at the same time as `spdx-blaster`. 

This is due to the use of `unsafe` memory-mapped files.

We plan to look into this further at some point in the future, and welcome suggestions for how we can make this utility both performant and safe.
